[docs] Add live demo with CssVarsProvider (#38792)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/experimental-api/css-theme-variables/usage/usage.md

}
```

> The follow demo uses `--md-demo` as prefix for the variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following demo uses `--md-demo` as a prefix for the variables:
```

Saw this little copy edit opportunity just passing by! :)
